a restricted report is a situation where someone was violated, but they
don't want the whole entire command to know about it. Which means
that only a few people know are aware of it. Um, the V a, the Sark,
the person, um, even even medical people if if they're in in that in
that line and the commanding officer finds out that, um, something
happened, but no names are given and the specifics aren't given and
unrestricted and unrestricted report on the other hand, uh, it zone
by a lot more people, you know, probably the police can be involved,
and the commanding officer actually knows the exact situation. So more
people are involved and you can actually follow criminal report
based on an unrestricted report as opposed to the restrict the restricted
report.